The Backgammon Challenge
(last updated 21th September 2022)

The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) fully respects the user's privacy and use of Advertising and In-App Purchases to fund the creation of these games. This is all governed by the following privacy policy:

Unless explicitly given the opportunity to accept this policy inside an app, please note that by using or otherwise accessing any The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) mobile application, you are agreeing to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use or otherwise access our applications.


GDPR

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is effective from 25th May 2018. It is designed to strengthen rights to privacy and make sure that all companies deal with all personal data covered by GDPR according to EU and UK laws.

This Privacy Policy will show what information we collect, why and what it is used for. We store data securely.


California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)

The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is effective from 1st January 2020 and was enacted to provide California consumers with greater transparency and control over their personal information.

The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC), through using ads in some of our apps, disclose limited user data to ad networks in order to provide users with targeted relevant ads. Under CCPA, this constitutes selling of personal information, and therefore we provide the required general opt out link in our apps. Outside of disclosing this limited data to ad networks, The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) does not sell any user personal information.

To learn more about what limited data we disclose to ad networks, please view the Ad Networks section below, which also provides links to privacy policies of the ad networks we use.

You can find the opt out link in our ad-supported apps by clicking on the “Privacy & Ads” link on the bottom right of the intro screen of each app, and then clicking on the “California Consumer Privacy Act” button. Some of our apps do not use personalised ads, so may not have this button.


Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)

The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) in the U.S. and does not knowingly collect personal information about children.


Online Multiplayer

We currently do not support online multiplayer in any of our apps.


Achievements & Leaderboards

Some of our apps may use Google Play Games accounts to manage achievements and leaderboards. Signing into achievements and leaderboards requires a Google Play Games account.


Google Play Games

Players can delete their account and all associated games data collected by Google through their Play Games profile in the Google Play Games app or Google MyAccount.

If Google collects Play Games Services data for an individual game, players can delete the data through their Play Games profile.

https://developers.google.com/games/services/data-collection


Crashlytics

Some of our Free apps may use Google’s Firebase Crashlytics, which provides us with more detailed crash data in order to track down and fix problems in the apps. This system provides us with details such as device type, Android version, time of crash, and crash logs. The crash reports are anonymous and no personally identifiable data is sent to us. https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy


Emailed Personal Information

Any personal information sent to us by email will be stored by our email cliet provider. Your email address will be used to respond to your email and we may also ask if you would like to be a beta tester for one of our apps.

We won't ask for any personal information that we don't need.

If you have subscribed to our newsletter, weekly, monthly, or yearly challenges, we will hold your details and email newsletters and challenge updates to you at appropriate times.

If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter or challege invites you can unsubscribe at any time using the link in any of our newsletters or challenge updates, or otherwise sending an email to let us know. Some of our apps may not feature newletters or challenges and so this option may not be available.

Any data that we do collect will be kept securely in accordance with the current and new data regulations.


Your Access to Your Information

It is your right to access information held about you. GDPR means we have to provide you with a copy of all requested personal data The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) hold about you within 30 days of receiving your request.

If the data The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) hold on you is incorrect, you have the right to correct this. You also have the right to "erasure" so if you don't want The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) to have any of your information, we will remove any personal information The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) hold on you.


Personal Information and Third Parties

We keep sales data from third parties including Google Play, iTunes and Amazon to review sales and provide refunds. We don't share your personal information with third parties except where necessary to provide the service you are requesting or where we are legally obliged.


Third Party Terms and Conditions

Please note that certain third parties, including but not limited to application stores, may be needed in order for you to access our mobile applications. These third parties have their own privacy policies which The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) cannot control.


Links to Third Party Sites or Games

Some of our mobile applications are supported by advertisements, which provide access to third party sites or apps.

Our mobile applications may provide access to third party social networking, communication and search features.

Please be aware that, if you follow any of these links and leave our app the page you go to will not be governed by our privacy policy. We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst outside of our app.

These third party sites or apps are not affiliated with or controlled by The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC). The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) are not responsible for their content or for the use of any information you may provide them. Our links to these sites or apps does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those sites or apps or the people or companies responsible for them.


Updates to this Policy

We may revise our privacy policy from time to time. When we do, those changes will be reflected here (as accessed via our app pages on the relevant application store). Any significant change we make to data usage will be drawn to your attention via our apps. We encourage you to review this privacy policy from time to time. Your continued use of our applications will signify your acceptance of the changes to this privacy policy.


Ad Networks

Advertising in our apps is provided by a number of third party ad networks. If GDPR applies to you, ads in our apps will default to being non-personalised but you may be prompted to opt in to personalised ads. Ad networks who provide adverts to our mobile applications may access identifiers assigned to your device, such as Google Advertising ID, or unique device identifiers (none of these IDs allow you to be identified as a person).
Ads and their data collection and sharing requirements are not initially enabled in our apps unless explicitly stated in the title of the app. or activated or subscribed to by you from within the app. Some of our apps. may not offer this option to subscribe to ads and so this feature may not be available.
If you have not subscribed to ads either form within our app. or by downloading an app. explicitly stating the inclusion of ads then the following policies do not apply to the application you are using.

Opting out of Personalised ads
You can opt in or out of personalised ads at any time by visiting;
Android devices:
Settings>Google>Ads>Opt out of ads personalisation
or
Android>Google Settings>Ads>Opt out of ads personalisation
Amazon devices:
Settings>Security & Privacy>Advertising ID, then turn off "Interest-based Ads".
On iOS, you may withdraw your consent by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting.
If you opt out, you will still see ads, but they will not be personalised for you.

The Backgammon Challenge (TBGC) choose to only provide ad networks with a minimal set of application permissions required for these ads to function. We only use ad networks that take their GDPR and CCPA obligations seriously and have implemented steps needed to support GDPR and CPPA compliance. Each of their own privacy policies are listed below.

http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/

https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/

https://legal.yahoo.com/xw/en/yahoo/privacy/intl/index.html

http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/

https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269

https://www.applovin.com/privacy

http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/

https://www.smaato.com/privacy/

http://vungle.com/privacy/

https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/

https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf

https://www.addapptr.com/data-privacy

https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ

https://www.facebook.com/policy.php (Advertising from Facebook in our apps is linked to any Facebook profile in a Facebook app installed on the same device, and therefore your policy agreements with Facebook determine what ads are shown)

https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/

Please be aware that any information provided as a result of your interaction with these ads will not be governed by our privacy policy. Ads may redirect you away from our app, and our privacy policy will no longer apply outside of our app. We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst outside of our app, or any information provided to any of these third parties.


Contact

Please feel free to contact us at thebgchallenge@gmail.co.uk with any queries or ideas about our Privacy Policy.


